#labels Featured
=What is !SolrMeter? =
!SolrMeter allows simple and fast configuration to run stress tests to Solr implementations. 
It measures time of  queries, updates, commits and optimizes and show them on simple charts.

Actual version of !SolrMeter (0.1.0) allows you to:
  * Execute Queries to a solr server.
  * Execute Update/Inserts to a solr server (not necessary the same as queries).
  * Obtain queries and documents to update from a text file.
  * Execute optimize (to se solr server configured to update/insert documents)
  * Add filter queries to the query
  * Use facets (randomly obtained from a text file with field names)
  * Select facet method.
  * Many charts and statistics (see screenshots)
  * Import/Export test configuration.

See [Overview] for more details and some screenshots.

=What's next and what's new?=
Click [http://code.google.com/p/solrmeter/issues/list?can=1&q=Milestone%3DRelease-0.2.0&colspec=ID+Type+Status+Priority+Milestone+Owner+Summary&cells=tiles here] to see the issues that are going to be added for the next version (0.2.0) of !SolrMeter.
There are some of them are already implemented (click [http://code.google.com/p/solrmeter/issues/list?can=1&q=Milestone%3DRelease-0.2.0+status%3AResolved+&colspec=ID+Type+Status+Priority+Milestone+Owner+Summary&cells=tiles here] to see them) and available [Usage#Compile_from_trunk downloading the project from trunk].

Two of the most important new functionalities are:
 * [custom_statistics Build your own custom statistics]
 * [Executors Change executors or build your own custom ones]