#labels Featured
#How to compile/run the software
=Run the latest version=
The following steps should be followed to get !SolrMeter up and running.
  # Download latest version.
  # run it from the command line with "java -jar solrmeter-{version}-jar-with-dependencies.jar"
  # create files with information of [queries], [fields], [updates] and [filterqueries filter queries]
  # specify the URL of Solr for updates and queries.
  # run the executors with the "Run" button.

=Compile from trunk=
The following steps should be followed to compile and package !SolrMeter ([http://maven.apache.org/index.html Maven] is required)
  # Download sources from trunk from http://solrmeter.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/sources
  # First and for just one time you will have to install in your local maven repository the component "stressTestScope". This component contains a Custom guice scope that is used by solrmeter.
     # go to /trunk/stressTestScope
     # run the command "mvn install"
  # Now you are ready to compile solrmeter. Go to /trunk/solrmeter and run command "mvn assembly:assembly"
  # The generated jar file is under "target" directory. The jar is named solrmeter-{version}-jar-with-dependencies.jar
  # run it like [Usage#Run_the_latest_version Run the lastest version] running the generated jar instead of the downloaded one.

=Just want to see how !SolrMeter works?=
If you just want to see how !SolrMeter works, you can try with the default configuration. !SolrMeter default configuration was thought to run with Solr example.
Just complete the [http://lucene.apache.org/solr/tutorial.html Solr tutorial], download !SolrMeter latest version and run it with "java -jar solrmeter-{version}-jar-with-dependencies.jar". Or you can run !SolrMeter with [http://solrmeter.googlecode.com/svn/JWS/solrmeter.jnlp Java Web Start].